HyunJin: Hi!
HyunJin: I'm HyunJin, the second member of LOOΠΔ!
HyunJin: Long time no see!
HyunJin: I'm so happy that finally I'm on LOOΠΔ TV again!
HyunJin: You know, I was eager to be on it!
HyunJin: It might like rap, however it's not!
HyunJin: I'm talking too fast because I'm so excited to see you again!
HyunJin: Although my pronunciation is a little off, I believe that you're understanding what I'm talking by the subtitles below!
HyunJin: Please get this to air!
HeeJin: Hello, we're Three Jin!
YeoJin: It's the first time since we've been to Taiwan together!
HeeJin: Everyone whoes names end with 'Jin' is beautiful!
YeoJin: Right!
(But she trying to deny HeeJin's beauty theory!)
YeoJin: Sorry guys~ Bye~!
HeeJin: Well.. I would like to apologize about....
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ 1/3 - Valentine Girl"
(Long time no see, HyunSeul!)
HaSeul: This camera is mine!
HyunJin: Actors combination!! It's been a long time that we together stood in front of the camera!
HaSeul: Do you remember? We filmed a web drama together after we did some acting in LOOΠΔ TV!
HyunJin: Ah~
HyunJin: Yes.
(Not interested)
HaSeul: Go away!
HyunJIn: Yes!
HaSeul: I'm not gonna hang out with HyunJin anymore!
HaSeul: Don't come here!
HyunJin: Yes!
HaSeul: Don't leave me...